As a reminder.
With a complex scene, please
describe what is happening and
what you see thorugh as
thoroughly as you can take
between 3:00 to 3:00 and five
minutes. You can start when
you're ready.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo OK,
so in this scene, this is
another it's very similar to
where's Waldo? But it's not a
where's Waldo. It's called
escape from the zoo, and there
are 10 Penguins in this picture
as well. This particular picture
takes place at the zoo.
We see in the top right we see
two buildings. One is like the
gift shop and the other is a
little cafe. We see also at the
top an area of rocks and water
that it looks like there's polar
bears in. That's like the polar
bear exhibit. We see
an area behind somewhat
partitioned off by glass, where
they have elephants in the
center. So just like when you if
you were to enter into the zoo,
you would hit the two buildings,
the gift shop in the cafe, and
then on the other side of those
buildings is kind of like a
little
cemented off area that does have
a center part.
It's it's got water and it's
white, so I would imagine it's
some kind of a cold
area. And I don't know, I don't
know what normally would be in
there there. I can't see any
animals in that particular
exhibit, so it's possible that
the animals have escaped.
There is also, just outside the
gift shop, a large ice cream
cone that is actually like a
little ice cream stand. So it's
in the shape of an ice cream
cone. It's got pink ice cream
and it says ice cream on the
top, and there's a man serving
like soft serve ice cream out of
there.
We've got next to the gift shop
some. There's like a partitioned
off exhibit that looks like
there's gorillas. There's a
bunch of gorillas sitting on top
of rocks and on a hill a little
bit further down we see a couple
of giraffes and some...
I don't know what those are.
Maybe like an anteater and some
rams.
And then on the opposite side,
on the left side is another
exhibit. We've got a little bit
of grass and some water. We see
hippopotamus, flamingos, zebras.
And then at the bottom of the
screen there is an area where we
see probably like a lion and a
cougar. So some of those those
cats are kind of
in another exhibit. That center
part, when you come off from the
gift shop in the cafe leads,
they're just different walkways
and they lead through the
through the zoo and that is
where it is very crowded with
lots of people and there's a lot
of activities going on. There's
a looks like a guy with a hot
dog stand, there's adults,
there's children, there's a
random peacock that is posing
with
For a picture, there is, it
looks like some zookeepers that
are up in that one center
exhibit where there's no
animals. They've got a net and
they're looks like they're
looking for for the animals that
might have escaped. We do see a
kangaroo hopping around in the
middle of the people. We see a
couple of raccoons that are
sitting perched on a tree limb.
There is a, I guess a rhinoceros
that it looks like has escaped
from somewhere and it is headed
down one of the walkways. And
the people that are in front and
to the sides are basically
running, arms outstretched,
mouths wide open, kind of
dashing to get out of the way of
this rhinoceros, which is such a
large animal. And it looks like
it's running down the walkway.
So people are kind of jumping
over the the railings, kind of
hanging on to the railings to
try to get out of the walkway.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo
Umm.
I feel like I'm there something
big that I'm missing. Sometimes
I have to move the
screen around.
Umm.
Yeah, we think, I think you
could. Is that good? OK.
Right. So next item is also a
complex scene. OK Ohh, sorry, I
think you're fine for it. There
it is.
Oh, OK, alright, so this.
This may actually be it. Is this
a? Is this is a? Where's Waldo?
This is really tiny.
Yeah, this is OK. So this is a
where's Waldo?
#START_being_a_pirate So this
one's called, it's entitled 250
years ago, being a pirate. And
it is. It's a scene with on the
far right side, we have the edge
of an island or a beach. So you
can see the shore. We do see
some palm trees and we see in
the very distance like a Cliff
that leads to the water and
there's a little bit more
vegetation back there. So
there's a lot more
trees and palm trees, that's
kind of in the distance. And
then the shore leads out into
the water. And in the water
there are several ships. There
are, let's see 1, 2. It looks
like there's three big pirate
ships that we can see. And then
there's also some smaller boats
there's.
A number of smaller boats 123.
Probably about 15 to 20 smaller
boats that are kind of in the
water surrounding these pirate
ships.
The smaller boats have
are filled with people, pretty
much. There is, it looks like
one boat that has kind of broken
in half and is sinking, and so
the passengers are trying to
hold on to the pieces of the
boat, but all the other boats
are intact and it looks like
there's.
There's people kind of packed
into these little boats. There's
a number of pirates with swords.
It looks like there's some.
Ah.
This is really small. It looks
like there might be some women
even on some of the boats. It's
funny. There's one little boat
with a a single man in it, and
it looks like he's in a hot tub,
kind of a a boat. He's got water
and looks like he's got water on
the inside of the boat.
And then, um, and they're just,
they're trying to help some of
the people out of the water,
some of the boats they are, it
looks like they're trying to hop
from boat to boat.
Anyway, there's the bigger ships
have
are also filled with people, and
there's pirates and people
hanging off of all parts of the
boat, hanging off the side,
jumping overboard.
I don't know the little, I don't
know the names but the.
Umm.
There's like poles that stick
out from the boat and then
there's like a crossbar on that
and they're hanging off of that.
It looks like some of them are
fighting with each other.
They've got a lot of them have
swords and some just have like
sticks of some sort in their
hand.
There it looks like there's a
couple of cannons that are
shooting off of this one big
pirate ship and then it actually
looks like some of the smaller
boats have cannons on them as
well that are shooting back at
the bigger pirate ships. There's
think we said there's people
kind of
Who are trying to climb out,
trying to climb on, jumping
over. Uh, there is 123. There's
a bunch of boats have pirate
flags on them, the black and
white, kind of like a skull with
the the crossbones behind it.
#END_being_a_pirate
And is that good? Yes, that's
OK. So then the last item is a
long series of pictures. OK,
please describe what you see.
But you don't have to dwell on a
particular page for a long,
because it's quite long.
Yeah.
#START_wanderer OK, so we are
back to another. This is like a
black and white.
Sketched type of picture scene.
I don't know that we've actually
seen this one before. This one
might be new. We see two men.
One man is dressed in all black.
He's in some kind of
almost like
like a military outfit of some
sort, maybe with like a long
Cape. And he has on some kind of
a head covering that's black and
it has a small horn that sticks
out from the back of his head
and a larger horn that sticks
out from his forehead and curves
up. And then the other man that
we see, appears to have light
color hair, a striped shirt and
just pants on. He's, he's kind
of dressed normal. Anyway, the
two of them are folding
This it's like a giant piece of
paper and they are folding it
kind of like into origami and
the shape of the origami.
Is kind of like a little boat. I
guess that's a little boat that
they're trying to make with this
large piece of paper. So they're
working together to hold it and
the next scene we can see a very
large.
A black ship.
That has.
I don't know what those are.
They're not flags, they're.
They're kind of like, I don't
know, they're striped.
It's not kite, but something
kind of like that that that
floats in the air. They're
attached to the some of the
beams on the ship and they just
kind of float on the backside.
We do see under the water there
is a propeller and there is like
this.
I I don't even know what that
is. So I but in that picture,
next to this big ship, along the
water, we see this little
origami boat that these two men
have made, and it's very tiny in
comparison off in the distance.
Now we have an overview and we
see the sea of water and we see
this tiny little boat sailing,
this origami boat sailing in the
water. And we also see, I guess
those are seagulls, a bunch of
seagulls that are that are
flying in the sky kind of above
this boat over the water.
We see a picture of the little
origami boat floating in the
water. One seagull has actually
landed on the side of the
origami boat, and there are 123
turtles. They're like black and
white and they have on their
shell. It's like a diamond, like
a black and white diamond
checkerboard pattern. And then
their head and their arms.
Are kind of. They're like black
with white.
Like Cross Cross ohh God.
Anyway, it's like it's got white
lines that go horizontal and
vertical to kind of make like
like a graph or crisscross type
of a design and then we can see
the little boat is.
I don't know what that is. Maybe
some maybe like a whale. I don't
know. It's it's a black, it's a
black, a very large black object
or animal and it has these
little round white
Dots all over it that are coming
from the water. So I don't know
if those are bubbles, if that's
supposed to be bubbles on there.
But they're round like like
little bubbles against white,
white bubbles against this black
thing. OK, yeah. So now we can
see it's the whale and maybe
that's just the design. Maybe
because we see the white on the
underside of the whale and then
it gradually it's got black on
top and it does have these
little white specks all over it.
So it may just be the the skin.
Of the whale. But now we can see
the boat sitting on the very top
part of the whale, and the whale
is pretty much submerged, but
below the water, very, very
large. We see a bunch of
different sea creatures and
fish. We see coral and sea
plants. Looks like there's a
like a sea lion, just a bunch of
fish swimming around the sea
life down below the water.
And the next picture we see just
some more images of this sea
life. I wish I was better at
describing the different types
of plants, but again, I believe
there's definitely some coral
and some other sea plants, just
different fish
that are swimming around and the
boat is actually this little
origami boat has now hit kind of
like a mound of fish that are
very close to the top of the
water.
Now we see.
A picture of the boat, just
above kind of, kind of just
above this this.
Plant area. We do see these.
I don't know if those are
supposed to be seahorses.
They're they're kind of like
Oval sea creatures with little
white specks, white eyes, and
then their faces, like their
mouths, it's like a little. It's
like they have a.
Different.
I'm not, I guess tentacles of
some sort maybe coming out not
like a not like an octopus, but
they're kind of all joined
together and there's a variety
of them and it looks like one of
them is actually like attached
on to the bottom of the paper,
the origami boat. We do see.
Two, it's like 2 fish that are
kissing.
But the bottom of the fish
morphs into like.
A fish human body. So it's like
the head is a fish and then the
bottom of the fish merges with
the neck of a human and you see
two arms and they're holding
hands, looks like they have two
legs, but they do still have the
the scales and the fish skin on
their body. On the other side
again we see some other
different fish and sea
creatures, looks like there's
another.
Uh.
Type of fish that has the same
thing, like a fish head that's
on an actual body with two hands
and that one is actually holding
a pair of scissors. There's some
striped fish and some more
plant.
Some more plants.
In the in the second picture,
the boat now has a fishing rod
that's hanging over and the line
is down and they've actually
hooked one of the fish.
Let's see. Now we see the boat
and it comes over a plant that
has a fish that is.
It looks like it's like a
checkered seahorse. It's like a
it's, I think it's a seahorse
that has like a checkerboard
design, black and white, black
face and it's wearing like
little.
Origami hat that is very similar
to the boat that's traveling.
Anyway the fish is standing kind
of on the.
Standing or resting on the top
of this plant, sticking up out
of the water. So the boat comes
to where this fish and the
seahorse are. Umm. And then in
the next picture we can see
again more fish, more plant
life. But there is a the
seahorse is now inside of the
little origami boat and there is
some kind of a almost like a
snake. It's very long and thin
and it is kind of hooked.
It's head into the little
origami boat.
Now we see a picture of.
We're above water. We still see
the water. We see the little
origami boat with the.
It's a seahorse or sea lion.
Anyway, it's still got its
little checkerboard.
Skin and there's randomly these
little flowers that are popped
up through the water with little
petals, and the boat is heading
to an area of trees. And there
are all these cranes, these like
white cranes that are peppered
in to the trees that you can
see. They're kind of in the
trees, resting and feeding on
the leaves or the berries.
Then we have... A little bit
closer, we can see the boat has
sailed into this.
Treed area below the water.
Again, there's different schools
of fish that are swimming around
and more plant life. There is a
start. There's a couple starfish
on the bottom, and a lot of the
fish appear to have stripes,
like black and white stripes,
but they're different stripe
patterns.
Umm.
Once into this treed area, it's
like a little canal. We see the
seahorse in this little origami
boat. We can see looks like
little crabs that are kind of
crawling up one of the tree
branches, and the tree branches
have this.
Kind of pattern on them. I
don't. I can't tell if they're
floral or whether it's just like
little round.
Pattern, But there's a pattern
to the tree limbs. There are
four.
There are four little birds that
are perched in on one of the
limbs. There's another random
bird and then there are there is
this one animal that has 12345,
it's got like 6 heads and it has
246 at least eight arms that we
can see. And it is perched on
one of the branches as well and
that it's got spikes on the back
of its head and it's kind of
dark in color and the white.
Eyes are kind of glowing through
and then there's also some looks
like some flowers that also have
a checkerboard pattern.
We see the boat sailing to the
other side of the treed area. It
looks like there is a.
Maybe like a?
Crawfish, or I guess like a
crawfish. It's got like a hard
tail and it's got two like long
tentacles in the front. Maybe I
don't think it's a lobster, but
maybe it is a lobster.
I don't know. And it has a bunch
of different legs and it is
carrying.
Kind of like a.
It's like a cross between a
maybe a butterfly and a person.
Again, it's got two arms and two
legs. It has two wings on its
back and it has kind of Gray in
color with these black circles.
That's the pattern of the the
skin. And it's like riding this
either like crawfish or this
lobster. We see another sea, sea
or school of fish and some more
plant life and we see.
Actually, we see a crab on one
of the limbs, but we see a
couple more of these checkered
black and white checkered
pattern seahorses. And we
actually see the seahorse jump
out of the origami boat over to
hang out and stay with his
friends. And he looks like the
hat goes in the air and he loses
his hat as he jumps out of the
boat. As the water, as the boat
goes along the water.
So we again we see the little
boat traveling along the water.
This time we can see.
I guess maybe, maybe the other
one was a shark. Maybe this is
the whale.
You can see a I guess this is a.
Big whale, we see its head is
above water, it's very large and
the rest of its body is
submerged below water it has.
There's a small little group of
like very small fish that are
swimming way underneath the sea
level, and it looks like there
is.
Something out of the on the head
part of this whale that has
little hole and there's like
smoke coming out of it.
But the little boat is passing
by. This whale is is black on
the top and on most of his body,
but on the other underside it's
white with black stripes. We
then are able to see this little
hole now has like a fishing rod
that comes out of this with
this. Is that the same thing? I
guess no, it's a different one.
It's an how do I describe that?
Good golly.
I don't know. It's it's it's
kind of like the whale. It's
it's another very large
creature, black in color, round
head. We do see a little eye, a
white eye, and we do see a mouth
with what looks like to be very
lots of very sharp teeth, but it
has like 2.
Lobster claw type arms that come
out of it and then it has four
legs at the bottom.
And it's standing on like a pile
of old ships and boats that have
sunk below the water and kind of
it's standing on this pile of
ships. It does have little white
polka dots that go down under
from it's kind of like its chin
down its stomach area and then
on the backside it has these
little.
Kind of ruffled.
Flower petal like pieces that
stick out from its backside and
the tail is.
Wow, the tail is kind of like, I
guess they're kind of like
tentacles like from an octopus,
but there's a lot of them and so
it makes like a very and they're
kind of curled up and
intertwined and that's kind of
like the the back, rear end tail
part of this thing. Anyway, on
its head it has this little
opening.
And there's a fishing pole. The
majority of it's underwater, but
this part is above water. It
looks like there's a fishing
pole and off this fishing pole
is hanging like either a box or
a TV.
And the paper boat is sailing
right towards this creature.
Oh boy.
Then we see. Looks like it's
night time now, because we can
see.
There's.
The sun is setting.
And it's right against the
horizon of the sky in the in the
sea, but we don't actually see
the sun. It's a it's around
shaped.
It actually looks like a fish.
It's like the sun is a fish, but
it is radiating light. We do see
a snake off in the distance that
is sailing along some kind of
snake that sailing along the
water.
And then up in the sky we can
see what would be the moon I
guess, but again it has, it's
white on the backside, but on
the front side it's it's shaped
like a round fish and we do see
a tail and some fins and a
little bit of a face. It looks
like we have a bat flying
through the sky we've got.
These.
Birds that are they look like
fish. Like long kind of.
Narrow fish they do have.
Tails.
But they have like butterfly
wings attached to them.
Then there is.
There's a.
I guess that's supposed to be
like a seahorse, but it's.
It's got a the pattern and the
end of it, and then the head is
almost like a Joker. You know
how like a Joker has those
little?
Things that stick out from their
heads or their hats, and they
have like little bells on them.
The sea creature is like a Joker
seahorse. And then we see a
bunch of different animals on
the bottom, kind of all around
this little origami boat. It
looks like there's a black cat,
but instead of paws, the cat
has.
Tails. Um, it looks like some
form of a dog, a zebra, a
cheetah, an elephant, a giraffe,
a lion. But they're all they're
all those animals, but they have
tails instead for their paws.
So now it is night time. We can
see just a sliver of the moon,
the Crescent moon, and we see
what I would imagine. There's
some stars in the sky. It's the
black sky, but it's lit up with
all these little white dots. And
you can see little boat
traveling in the water, but you
can also see this school of fish
that's just under the water and
they're dark, but you see their
little eyes kind of glowing,
probably a reflection from the
the stars.
Now we see this little boat and
again it's still dark, still
night time. We see this little
origami boat. It is now
surrounded by this group of
fish, the school of fish, and
they are peering up out of the
water. So their tails are under
the water but their heads are
out and they have just
completely surrounded this
little origami boat. You can't
even really see the water or.
Sky, you just see this.
Just large group of fish
surrounding this boat and their
little white eyes.
But the boat travels through
them and he travels on and the
fish dive back down into the
water. You can see there's a
couple of the tails that are
still sticking up as they dive
back in. Still under the starry
sky, but there's now this kind
of whitish in color. It looks
like a large ribbon that's just
kind of woven through the sky,
looks like a White Ribbon with
these black stripes vertically.
Uh, that's woven through the
sky.
Then again, we see this little
origami boat sailing through the
water and you can see that. We
can tell it's the water because
of the waves. There's just
little waves that tell us it's
the water. Now we have this big
white structure in front of us.
It looks like it's some kind of
a.
A rock like a large rock type
of.
Of.
Yeah, I don't know I it's it's
some kind of rock I would
assume.
So now I don't know if this is
the same thing.
Unsure as to whether or not this
is the rock, but now we can see
the boat enter into another
structure that's got, it's
obviously some kind of a rock or
solid structure, but it's almost
like a cave. Like we can see
these rounded openings that the
boat is sailing through and we
do see that there's little rocks
that are in the water. So as the
boat sails through the water, it
comes upon little rocks that it
has to kind of navigate across.
In the distance we can see.
These white cone shaped
structures, I don't know if
those are like mountains or
what, but it does have a little
bit of a black design on it, but
it's very bright. We can tell
that's kind of in the back in
the boat. This little origami
boat is just sailing through the
canal and The Cave.
It looks like once to the other
side of the.
Water we see.
This.
It's this.
Curved.
It kind of it's it's it's like a
spotlight because it's it's
shining down and illuminating
this little origami boat and
it's kind of like a trumpet.
Shaped on the end, but then it
it attaches to something long
and thin and curvy and then next
picture we can see.
That there is this.
Fish creature that had does have
two arms and two legs, but it
does have.
Like tails for its its hands and
its feet and it's dressed in
some kind of like scuba gear. It
has some kind of like a scuba
helmet and tank on it and it
looks like these little trumpet.
Lights are attached to the
helmets or the headgear from
this scuba.
From the scuba gear. Anyway,
this creature is holding the
paper, the origami paper boat.
It picks it up and it's holding
it and it's fin hand.
All right, next we can see.
That the boat has traveled, it's
traveling through the water. We
do still see one of these little
trumpet spotlights sticking up
from the water, but the boat is
now next to these very two
large, two very large ships.
They look like industrial ships
because you can see smokestacks
and there's all this smoke
coming from the top.
There there's a few little
seagulls that are flying by and
it looks like there's anchors
that come down. There's two
anchors, one on each side of
each ship in the front part that
are they're up, but they can
come down. Almost looks like
there's buildings on top of
these ships, they're so massive.
It looks like now now we're back
to night time. We can see.
This ship, this little origami
boat still sailing through the
water. It looks like there's.
It looks like there are seagulls
falling from the sky. I can't
tell if they're dead or not, but
they are not. They're not flying
down, they're actually falling
down from the sky. They're
landing in the water. And
there's also some fish that are
just kind of laying on the top
of the water as well. So I would
imagine that they're dead,
probably from all of the smoke,
because we also see these black
clouds of smoke.
Um, that are coming from these
very very large shifts ships.
And so I'd imagine that the the
pollution is killing these birds
and these fish and they're just
kind of lying all over the top
of the the the water. It does
appear that there's one bird
that's kind of fallen into the
origami boat.
And then we can see, oh, then
now we get closer to one of
these ships. We can see that
there are windows and there are.
We see 5 little windows and each
little window has some kind of a
man creature that is shooting.
Out at the.
I don't know if it's shooting
out at the boat or shooting out
at the the birds, but it's
shooting out some kind of fire
or gun or something. It does
create a little bit of smoke.
There is one man who actually
hits this little origami boat
and it goes right through the
paper. There also appears to be
one of these men is like on a.
I don't know. He's on like a a
very small little like kayak
with the propeller maybe, and
they're kind of shooting at him
as well. Or maybe he's on a
rocket. Maybe it looks on this
page, it looks like it's a
rocket that he was.
That he was kind of.
Navigating. He also has kind of
like a scuba gear on he's got a
helmet, and each side of the
helmet has this weird little
like, electrical.
Flower that's kind of sticking
up out of his head, but it
illuminates so that he can see.
He's got like.
Looks like he has a tank on.
Anyway, he is now standing at
the top on the top part of this
rocket and it looks like he's
lit the rocket. You can see it
sparked on the back so it's
probably going to shoot and this
is right next to the little
origami boat that now has a
little bullet hole through it,
but it does also have a buoy
inside of it.
And and we see.
See We now see this man in the
water and he is holding. He's
got the buoy around him and his
his scuba tank and he's got the
buoy attached to this little
paper boat and so he's holding
on to the rope as it floats down
across the water. We also see
another ship come along, this
particular ship has.
It's actually being led by the
the man. One of the first two
men that we saw there was the
one that was dressed all black
with the horns coming out. He is
actually riding on the top and
it looks like kind of the
captain of this weird ship. This
ship is kind of in the shape of
a.
Like a seashell, and there are
strange little creatures. We do
see what looks like a cat. What
might look like?
Umm.
Like that Joker kind of a fish.
We see like a deer because we
see antlers on it, but it has
like stars on it. We see a horse
that is black, that has little
white specks.
Something else that has a black
and white checkered pattern.
Two small little things that
kind of look like aliens.
And and there's like a big kite
on the back part of this little
ship that has stars on it as
well. And it is. It's coming
towards this little boat with
the man in the scuba gear.
Oh wow. Now we see the boat and
it is in a wave. It's in a very,
very big wave kind of on the the
underside. So it's going
literally it's going up, Umm,
and the wave is about to crash
down. But we do see the man in
his, the cat and the two little
aliens in that little seashell
boat with all the other
creatures now has this other man
that had the scuba gear.
With the scuba tank in the lit
up helmet he is now on the
seashell ship and off of the
origami boat. And it looks like
the man who was dressed in all
black has made a paper like a
paper plane out of paper. And he
is standing on the top bar of
the ship and he is about to
throw the plane towards this
little origami boat in the wave.
And so next thing we can see,
the little origami boat it's
sailing along the water, it's.
I would imagine it's very dark,
so it's hard to tell, but it
looks like they're trees along
the sides. But you do see a
little white, almost like a
lightning strike off in the
distance in the background, in
the center of the picture. And
then in the next picture, we see
this paper plane that that man
who was dressed in black kind of
threw, and it's sailing through
the air.
Then we see. Then we see a
picture of.
The Little boat sailing along
the water and it's come across.
Some kind of a sea snake or
creature, and it looks like
there's multiple ones, but
they're curled up in the shape
of Donuts. It looks like it's
traveling through these black
doughnuts that have this black
and white vertical striped
little.
Umm.
Little piece that kind of.
Goes around the end, but we do
see there's one of these little
snakes that has uncurled and is
standing up from the crowd and
it has this paper plane in its
mouth. So it's kind of
intercepted the paper plane.
Then on the we can see the.
The little origami boat travel
through the water and it goes
to.
it goes inside of these little
sea creatures that look like
Donuts, it's sailing through the
center part. But we do see the
one kind of uncurled and he is
kind of behind the water and
then in the next behind the boat
in the water. And then in the
next scene we can see it looks
like two more, although one of
them has like a Unicorn.
horn coming off of its head and
the other one has it very long,
spiky.
A trunk that hangs down, and so
as the boat exits, it's greeted
by these two creatures.
Alright, so now we see the boat
has exited. The.
The doughnut like creatures back
sailing through the water, it's
it's going along this Unicorn.
uh creature in this long trunk
creature in the Unicorn creature
has two openings that are
spouting water and the boat is
traveling under the water. So
the water is filling up in the
boat that's coming out of this
creatures face and then on the
other side we can see the boat
traveling in the water and then
a another sea or fish creature
it's it's like a it's like
another Fishman has like a fish
head.
And it goes straight down into
two legs, but it has kind of
webbed feet. It's got it's black
with white polka dots and it's
got on like black and white
striped underwear, but also has
two like webbed.
Fins or pieces off the side. Two
hang down real low. And then
there's two shorter ones that
kind of look like butterfly
wings and he's standing on this
this grant that like the ground
with trash you can see like a
beer bottles or soda cans. You
can also see like little
propellers that are sticking up
out of the ground and he is
standing there looking off at
the origami boat traveling
through the water.
Then we can see that the boat
has, because it had water, has
kind of come below the.
Sea level. And there are I guess
these are supposed to be
jellyfish. It's like, it's like
jellyfish but the tops are
almost like a mushroom. So it's
like at the top has a mushroom
with four little like a design
that has like 4 little petals on
the top and then the bottom are
like jellyfish, they're like
mushroom jellyfish and they're.
The boat is just kind of
traveling under the water down
through this sea of jellyfish.
Now we see it's.
It's very dark. We're still
under the water. We can see a
school of fish that the boat is
traveling right next to. We see
another larger fish at the
bottom. We see.
Umm.
Ohh, we actually see another
boat. So we now have two. {Is
this one page or two? 2 pages.
Oh, OK, sorry. You just can't
tell on it. OK, yes.} So and
then in the next one, we can
kind of see the boat traveling.
There's another sea creature.
I don't think that's an octopus.
It's like an octopus, but it has
webbing in between the
tentacles. And then there's
these little things. They look
like melons. They kind of look
like watermelons.
And they're kind of just
floating with some stars under
the water and we see the boat
traveling by this like webbed
octopus.
So now the now the boat has
landed on.
Like a very long fish that's
it's long like a snake but it
definitely has a fish head and
we see a spotlight beam down and
the boat is on top of this snake
fish and there are these three
little creatures that have.
Kind of climbed onto the boat.
There's one on the center part
of the boat. The other one is
inside the boat, and the third
one is trying to kind of get in.
And there they've got all these
little legs and they're kind of
crawling all over the boat. And
there's this beam of light
that's shining down over it,
often the distance we see.
Underwater, another black and
white checkered kind of
submarine type boat and there
are these little fish that are
surrounding that that have
little spotlights that they're
either holding or coming off of
them and they're shining the
spotlights through the dark
water.
Alright, now we can see.
We see that black and white.
Uh.
Like submarine ship that has a
it does have fins and a tail and
it has a school of fish that's
swimming underneath it, but it
is now angled so that the front
part of that is above the water
and it is facing another boat
that on the front part looks
like a boat has a couple of like
like smokestacks but the
backside.
Is definitely a fish. It also
has a tail and it has all these
tentacles, long tentacles that
are coming out from the side.
And so the two ships are kind of
facing one another. And the
little origami boat, oh it's 2
pages, sorry, little origami
boat is on the tip of this
submarine and it's pouring out
the water that was weighing it
down under the water. So the
submarine is kind of helped push
this little origami boat up,
tipped out the water.
And then in the next page we see
this other ship that has the
tail that's half fish with all
the tentacles, and the boat is
sailing past there. The little
origami boat is back on its
track and it's sailing past.
All right, now we've got.
I guess this is.
Like.
Maybe walruses?
Or sea otters.
Yeah, sea otters, maybe that
it's like a it's like a walrus
or sea Otter face, but they have
little web tails as well. I
think it's a sea Otter.
And we can see them playing
underwater, but they're also,
there's a few, they're popping
their heads out from the water
and one has a oh, it is, it's a
seal because he's got it on his
nose. So he's balancing little
origami boat on his nose and we
see clouds off in the distance.
And the next page we see.
Clouds off in the distance and
underneath the sea level is a
bunch of leaves, almost like
Fern style leaves. We do see a
little bit of sea sea life, some
fish that are down there and
then some other plants, some
coral and some other sea plants
as well.
Now we can see the little
origami boat making its way
above the the ferns and.
We see more fish, we see some.
I guess these are like zebra
fish. They have like black and
white zebra stripes and they
have kind of a cool little face
that has kind of a long narrow
nose. I guess some more. I guess
those are kind of like the
jellyfish, like a different
version of the jellyfish. But
yeah, we see more of those and
the little boat is is sailing
above all of this and then in
the next page we can see.
That the boat kind of tipped
down into the water a little
bit. There is a I guess that's a
fish. We do see one of the
little men dressed in it scuba
gear and a I think maybe a
striped seahorse or sea sea lion
and.
They're holding this.
It looks like an oyster and like
a Pearl, but the it's like lit
up. The Pearl is like lit up, so
it's illuminating and it's got
bubbles coming up from the man
from his scuba gear. And the
bubbles are right coming up to
the surface right above the
little origami boat.
Now we can see that striped sea
creature and the man with the
scuba gear, he is riding that
striped sea creature. He's on
top of the water, kind of behind
the boat. And there is a like a.
Lighthouse.
Um, but like when it's one of
the ones that kind of is?
I guess kind of floats in the
water. It's black and it does
have a white stripe. And there's
little fish, black fish painted
on the white stripe. And then
there's a light bulb at the top.
There's a couple of seagulls up
at the top. One is standing on
top of the light, and then there
are these other creatures that
have two arms and two legs.
I get they're different than the
Joker, but they have like 5
little.
Umm.
Kind of cone shaped pieces that
come out of their head and you
can see their eyes lit up. And
then we have another.
Fish that has two arms and two
legs and a fish head and it's
kind of sitting on that as well.
And in the next picture we can
see.
Some bigger ships. We can see
the smoke in the background of
that coming up from the bigger
ships. We do see a a real
lighthouse that's up on a rock,
a striped lighthouse. There is
somebody stranded actually on
that little.
Piece of land that the
lighthouse is on and the boat is
sailing by the little origami
boat.
{Oh my goodness.
It's just hard to describe these
things. Yeah. So now we have oh
boy.}
Now we see.
We see the little boat travel.
By there's there's the bigger
ships in the background with
their with their smoke, but we
see the boat traveled by this.
Like round building structure
and it has like.
Like a railing and there's
lights and you can walk along
the balcony of it, but the
underside of it, and this is
above water and below water is
it's like a.
So I don't know what they call
it.
Kind of like a scaffolding type
of like it's, I can't tell if
it's wooden or metal, but almost
like a roller coaster, you know
if you see a like a wooden
roller coaster and the under
part of that roller coaster,
it's built just like that with.
Like wooden wooden beams that
kind of crisscross and you can
see through it, it's you know
it's open air, it's not
completely solid and it's this
long massive structure. So it's
got like this round like Rotunda
type shaped building and then
there's.
A pier.
That connects this, that we
can't even see what it connects
to, but it goes all the way
across the water and we see some
other.
Medium sized ships that have a
bunch of smoke coming and
they're kind of passing along
this as well.
We can see now we see the.
The little origami boat floating
along the water, we can see the
checkered submarine boat is
below the water and it's right
along near one of these really
large massive ships that has one
of those anchors on each side in
the front there's a smaller boat
that's next to it as well, and
it's got like a little sailboat
attached to this other boat,
this like little rescue boat.
You do see a few fish and then
off in the distance on the other
side you see lots of smoke, but
you see what is like a little
city center because you can see
buildings and Um, it's
definitely some some kind of
shore shoreline with buildings
in the background.
So now we see. Now we see a lot
of the creatures we've seen
before. We see a small little
paddle boat that three people
are on. We see this like little.
Lighthouse buoy type thing
that's off in the water we see
the large, the edge of the
large.
Is that the large ship or is
that I think it's, I think it's
actually like a wall where we
see people waiting for the ships
to pull up to. But one of those
very large sea creatures that
has the tail is kind of perched
on this wall at the edge of the
wall. It's a very large sea
creature and he's got a little
scuba tank on and off the scuba
tank is a.
Is this hose that kind of turns
and is pouring water on his
head. It's almost like a a a
shower head that's raining down
water we see.
I think they're called.
Cherry pickers, the little.
Contraptions that lift people up
in little booths. And so it's
like a zigzag and you can go
along up along a building, I
think it's called a cherry
picker. And then you can see the
there's a ship on the other side
off in the distance with all the
smoke coming from these. In the
next page we see this little
origami boat and he's just
sailing around this wall.
There's a lot of people standing
on this. I guess it's a dock of
some sort because there's two
very large ships.
One is called the Neuville
NEUVILLE that are kind of docked
and they're seagulls floating
and the people are standing and
looking up at these ships as a
little origami boat sails sails
by.
Then we see the little origami
boat go by, another boat,
another small boat. There's a
man and a woman. It looks like
there's a clothesline off the
center of the boat that they're
trying to hang clothes. And it
looks like there's also some
kind of like an umbrella with
little flower petal design. And
then in the background you can
see this dock with the ships and
there's another couple other
ships, another ship with people
on it.
Then we get to next to this
wall, there's this ship that has
a crane I guess. There's a bunch
of cranes off some of the ships
in the background. They're must
be lifting freight. This
particular one has a crane, but
instead of a freight or a
freight box, it's lifting a.
It's like a seahorse with a.
Black and white checkered
pattern. And then the top part
has a like a a scuba head, but
it's it's not and it's I don't
think it's an animal. There's
actually a little boy or a man
that's inside this this the head
with like a captain's wheel on
the inside of this. Oh my
goodness.
{Strange.
Are we going to get through it?
Do I have a lot more? You're
almost there.} OK, alright, so
now we've got a boat. Let's see,
we've got a boat that has looks
like two dogs and a man. The
little origami boat is sailing
by this, but this boat has
little crane. It's lifted a net
of a sea creature trapped in the
net and it's lifted that out.
And then in the next picture
again, we still see these
buildings in the background.
It's sailing along.
Another boat that has little
staircase that comes off the
side and there's a a man
standing at the bottom of the
staircase.
Now we can see it's traveling
through this little village, so
it's like a little canal. The
water is, it's close to these
buildings. It's traveling
through this little village. All
the buildings are either like
black and white checkered or
black and white striped. There
are these little arched gateways
that the waterway leads under
and in through this village we
can see black and white
checkered roofs. We see some
birds and.
It's there's another sea
creature that we've seen before
that's somehow off up. We, I
swear we see like a buck
standing on top of a building
and it's dark out. So there's a
lot of a lot of lights from
these buildings, windows and
little things lit up.
And this little boat makes his
way along another staircase
where we see the same little
like circus of the Joker Fish,
the cat, the horse that's got
little poke, white polka dots,
the man that was wearing black
initially and the deer with the
stars. They were all in that
seashell boat and he's traveling
past that and then.
We see him with the black and
white striped seahorse creature.
That man that was riding that
seahorse creature is actually
stopped. He's sitting on a step.
appears he's smoking a cigarette
that he has a cigarette in his
hand and he's got his scuba gear
off. He's got his tank in his
helmet off and up the stairwell.
There's some Street lights and
some other people up there, but
the boat is sailing by all them
under this in this little canal.
And we see the fish that had
popped out of the water with
their little eyes glowing. We
see that little submarine,
checkered boat, and little boat
is just traveling through the
water past all of these things,
out to the other side of this
little cityscape canal.
Now we see the little boat
travel closer back into like a
treed area. It's kind of away
from the city stars in the sky.
There's a little structure that
has a very small little like
house. It has one tall street
lamp and there is a light on in
the house and it's heading
towards that area. Then we see
the boat little origami boat
pull up next to like the brick.
Wall for this, and we can kind
of see a silhouette of.
A man or some kind of creature.
And he actually begins to step
out of the origami boat and as
he steps out and onto the steps
of this structure, we see the
boat kind of fade away. And this
man is, he's he's all black and
he's got almost like pictures
like hieroglyphics, like white
hieroglyphics on his body, but
he does have a face, two arms,
two legs.
Two hands, two feet and then we
see at the top 2 white legs and
two feet. And then the final
picture we see the two black
legs and feet standing next to
and facing the two white legs
and their feet. #END_wanderer
That is all, thank you. Oh my
goodness, how crazy.